Update Hibernate and Spring post to use CLI for setup (#758)
oktadeveloper/okta-blog: _source/_posts/2019-02-01-spring-hibernate-guide.md

okta.oauth2.clientId=${clientId}
```

This will enable your REST endpoints to only accept authorized users. 

{% include setup/cli.md type="service" %}

> Paste your _Client ID_ and enter it on into the `application.properties` file (just change `${clientId}` variable).

Author: ```suggestion
Copy your _Client ID_ and paste it into the `application.properties` file (just change `${clientId}` variable).
```
